Trident Plastics In 1996, the need was identified for a local Newcastle company in the engineering plastic field that would provide in-house, high quality service at a competitive price to suit all industries. Trident Plastic – a proud, local, family owned Australian company – was established to fulfil this requirement. Trident grew quickly to be one of NSW leading suppliers of engineering and industrial plastics, plastic machining and plastic fabricated products, including in-house casting and machining of polyurethane products. The demand for proper and uniformed welding procedures, especially in tank manufacturing, continues to increase. In recognition of this, Trident staff are internationally accredited DVS certified in plastic welding, complimented by state of the art machinery. Trident has a commitment to developing close and sustainable relationships with customers through quality materials and products and a continuing high level of service. Polyurethane – Tridents polyurethane division offers a quality product which can be produced in a hardness ranging from 20 Shore A to 85 Shore D allowing it to be utilised for many different applications. Polyurethane has excellent abrasion and impact resistance often out performing rubber by a factor of up to 8 to 1. It has a high tensile strength and a load bearing capacity for compression comparable to cast steel. With the customisation of these physical properties Trident can produce a product optimally suited to man different applications. Fabrication – Trident can help with any fabrication needs. Using cost effective, durable, non-corrosive materials during fabrication Trident produces a broad range of products. From safety guarding, isolator covers and underpans to large scale tank building and pipe work. All products are manufactured to customer specifications. Machining – Trident provides quality and cost effective CNC routing and machining of all plastic engineering grade materials including nylon, acetal, PVC and polyurethane. Our highly experienced and qualified machinists offer a service that saves time and the expense of having to purchase the material and outsource the machining. Trident is your one stop machine shop. Industries Trident Plastic Engineering is a leading supplier and manufacturer to a large cross section of industries throughout Australia. Our experience and knowledge in plastics enables us to supply a wide range of high quality products and solutions to industries including: Mining Water Chemical Agriculture Bulk Materials Bottling Food Processing Construction Forestry Oil & Gas Paper Packaging Power Transmission Defence Transport Safety Divisions Wear Applications – cost effective, low maintenance, wear resistants and flow promoting chute linings, launders, underpans, belt scrapers and skirting. Machined Parts – bearings, bushes, guides, rollers, rope and cable sheaths. Polyurethane – custom moulded parts/components, pipelining, belt scrapers and skirting, vehicle ID number plates, relining of: clarifier wheels, drag rope rollers, cable pulleys, etc. Tank Building – customised round and rectangular chemical and water tanks of all designs Manufacturer of Safety Guarding – pump and belt guarding, transparent machine guards, isolator switch covers, lockout boards, etc. Supply of General Engineering Products – stockist of all engineering grade plastic, polyurethane and phenolic sheet, rod and tubing. Over the Counter Sales – cut to size acrylic, polycarbonate, PVC, HDPE, composite panel.
